 Welcome to Zhihu.

 Please read the following terms carefully. If you disagree with any terms of this agreement, you can choose not to enter Zhihu. When you register successfully, whether you enter or publish any content (i.e. "content") on Zhihu, it means that you (i.e. "user") fully accept all terms of this agreement.

 Usage rule
 After successful registration, Zhihu will give each user a user account and corresponding password, which shall be kept by the user; the user shall be legally responsible for all activities and events conducted with his user account.
 The user shall be fully responsible for the authenticity, legality and validity of the registration information in Zhihu, and the user shall not impersonate others; shall not publish any information in the name of others; shall not use the registration account maliciously to cause other users to misunderstand it; otherwise, Zhihu has the right to immediately stop providing services, withdraw its account and bear all legal liabilities arising therefrom by the user alone.
 The user's direct or indirect use of Zhihu service and data by various means (such as RSS feed and off-site API reference) will be deemed as unconditional acceptance of the entire content of this Agreement; if the user has any objection to any term of this agreement, please stop using all services provided by Zhihu.
 Zhihu is a platform for information sharing, dissemination and acquisition. The information published by Zhihu is public information, and other third parties can obtain the information published by users through Zhihu. Users recognize the information as public information when publishing any information, and bear the legal responsibility for this behavior alone; any information that users do not want to be known by other third parties should not It should be published on Zhihu.
 The user promises not to use Zhihu in any way to directly or indirectly engage in acts in violation of Chinese laws and social morality, and Zhihu has the right to delete the contents in violation of the above commitments.
 Users shall not make, upload, copy, publish, disseminate or reprint the following contents by using Zhihu service:

 Opposing the basic principles established by the constitution;
 Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power and undermining national unity;
 Damaging the honor and interests of the state;
 Inciting national hatred or discrimination and undermining national unity;
 Insulting or abusing the image of heroes, denying their deeds, beautifying or whitewashing the acts of aggression;
 Those who undermine the state's religious policies and propagate heresy and feudal superstition;
 Spreading rumors, disturbing social order and destroying social stability;
 Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetting a crime;
 Insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others;
 Information containing other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
 All users agree to abide by the provisions of Zhihu community management (Trial) and Zhihu video service agreement (Trial).
 Institutional users agree to abide by the service agreement of Zhihu institution number and the specification for the use of Zhihu institution number (Trial).
 Zhihu has the right to review and supervise the use of Zhihu. If the user violates any of the above regulations, Zhihu or its authorized person has the right to require the user to correct or directly take all necessary measures (including but not limited to changing or deleting the content posted by the user, suspending or terminating the user's right to use Zhihu) to reduce the impact caused by the user's improper behavior Ring.